.nh
.TH "ORDS" "1" "FEB 2022" "" "Oracle REST Data Services User Manual"

.SH NAME
.PP
ords - Oracle REST Data Services command line interface


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBords\fP [OPTIONS] [COMMAND] 

.PP
\fBords\fP [-h, --help|--version]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBOracle REST Data Services (ORDS)\fP bridges HTTPS and your Oracle Database. A mid-tier Java application, ORDS provides a Database Management REST API, SQL Developer Web, a PL/SQL Gateway, SODA for REST, and the ability to publish RESTful Web Services for interacting with the data and stored procedures in your Oracle Database.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--config <uri>\fP
  Path to Oracle REST Data Services configuration folder.
.PP
\fB--debug\fP
  Equivalent to --verbose.
.PP
\fB-h,--help\fP
  Show usage information for the command.
.PP
\fB-v,--verbose\fP
  Configure Oracle REST Data Services to run in verbose mode.
.PP
\fB--version\fP
  Show version information.

.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBconfig\fP
  Configure application and database connection pool settings.
.PP
\fBinstall\fP
  Configure database connection and install/upgrade Oracle REST Data Service schema, proxy user and related database objects.
.PP
\fBmigrate\fP
  Migrates Oracle REST Data Services configuration files and parameter file from release 21.4.x and earlier releases.
.PP
\fBserve\fP
  Launch Oracle REST Data Services in standalone mode
.PP
\fBuninstall\fP
  Uninstall Oracle REST Data Services schema, proxy user and related database objects.

Run ords <COMMAND> --help for more information on a command.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
ords config --help
  Show help for config command.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.B ords.conf\fR(5), \fBords.service\fR(8).


